=== СТРАНИЦА 7 ===

[H1] THE CHAPTERS

[H1] There are eight chapters in Death on the Reik.

[H2] Chapter 1: Bögenhafen to Altdorf

The first stage of the journey is to Black Peaks, and takes the adventurers downriver to Altdorf, by way of the Weissbruck canal. Along the way they encounter a barge in trouble. Arriving at Weissbruck, they must deal with Purple Hand agents and find out what has become of a friend they made in Bögenhafen, who is now missing.

Altdorf presents more challenges: the adventurers are still wanted in connection with the death of a young nobleman, and the local cell of the Purple Hand saw them arrive.

[H2] Chapter 2: Altdorf to Kemperbad

A half-built signalling device, part of a network of signal towers decreed by the Emperor, hides an ancient secret. A castle overlooking the river has an evil reputation. The prosperous town of Kemperbad offers the adventurers some trading possibilities, and another encounter with the agents of the Purple Hand.

[H2] Chapter 3: Kemperbad to Black Peaks

A mine near the town of Grissenwald has been overrun with Goblins, leaving the local Dwarf community in despair and disarray. The Goblins are based at Black Peaks, in the home of Etelka Herzen. She seems to have gone on a journey and, while the wizard is away, the Goblins definitely play.

Documents in the wizard’s house shed some light on the strange events in Bögenhafen, and tell the adventurers a little about a Chaos cult known as the Red Crown. Other documents give a clue as to where the wizard has gone, and why.

[H2] Chapter 4: Grissenwald
to the Barren Hills

Local adherents of the Purple Hand dog the adventurers as they try to pick up the wizard’s trail. In a remote village the adventurers learn more about the wizard and her companions, and about their goal. It appears that a group of Skaven are also on the trail of the meteorite. The adventurers will discover the key to Dagmar’s observatory under the signal tower.

[H2] Chapter 5: Unterbaum
to Wittgendorf

Returning to the signal tower, the adventurers finally penetrate its inner sanctum. They discover the clue that leads them to the adventure’s climax at Castle Wittgenstein. Along the way, they may learn of growing unrest within the Empire and have yet another brush with the Purple Hand.

[H2] Chapter 6: Wittgendorf

Arriving in the village near Castle Wittgenstein, the adventurers learn a little of the Wittgenstein family from the locals, most of whom are suffering from strange mutations. They also encounter an outlaw band, and can try to recruit the outlaws for an assault upon the castle.

[H2] Chapter 7: Castle Wittgenstein

Bathed in warpstone radiation for two hundred years, the castle and its inhabitants have changed in strange and disturbing ways. Some warped unfortunates are evil, and some are not. The trick to surviving the castle is to learn who can be trusted. One member of the family is away in the city of Middenheim, forging ties with the cult of the Jade Sceptre.

At last, the adventurers catch sight of the warpstone meteorite. This happens just as the Skaven take it out of their reach and demolish the castle to cover their escape. If the adventurers survive, they will have several good reasons to head to Middenheim and the next part in the campaign.

[H2] Chapter 8: Carrion up the Reik

The journey to Middenheim is long, and the distractions of the river are numerous. Many days’ journey away lies the great city-port of Marienburg, famed for its wealth, its opportunities, and its pleasures. Some say (though not without a faint twinge of guilt) that it is greater even than Altdorf. To a group of wanderers with their own boat and a taste for trading, it can be an irresistible attraction, especially when a merchant offers them a cargo to take there.

Little do they know that the job is a fraud, concocted by the local servants of the Purple Hand to pin the adventurers down by destroying their barge. Then they can be delivered into the hands of the cult’s leadership… in Middenheim.
