=== СТРАНИЦА 59 ===

In a distant, wheezing voice, she begs for aid. ‘Heelp meee... please help me. Lay my bones to rest, for I have walked these hills a long, long time. Follow and see... follow and see.’ The figure begins to move towards the caves, and if the characters do not follow she will try to persuade them. They will get no peace until they do.

[B] Brunhilde Gratten – Ghost

A hundred and twenty years ago, Brunhilde was a scout for Dagmar von Wittgenstein’s expedition to find the warpstone meteorite. After finding what he sought, Dagmar murdered his whole party, stabbing Brunhilde repeatedly while she slept and burying the rest alive in the nearby cavern.

Since then Brunhilde has haunted the area around the Devil’s Bowl, yearning for a proper burial for herself and her companions. She will tell the tale of Dagmar’s betrayal — of how he led them into the lush hills to find a meteorite that he calculated had landed here, and of how he changed when he found it, becoming first secretive and then murderous.

[B] The Cave

The entrance, point 1 on the map below, is concealed by the withered and twisted boughs of some vaguely human-shaped trees. The caverns rise to a height of 7 ft or more, but the passages connecting them are only 4 ft high.

Brunhilde leads the adventurers past the trees into a cavern where the hump of a shallow grave can be seen. This is Brunhilde’s own grave, and a few of her whitening bones poke through the top of the mound. Brunhilde begs the adventurers to restore her grave, and to reclaim the meteorite, as it is ‘ a great source of evil. ’ She also tells them that the bodies of the other expedition members can be found in the right-hand passage.

[B] Skaven Attack!

Before the adventurers can move further into the caves, they hear the sound of squeaking voices from outside. A few seconds later, the Skaven leader Crot Scaback appears in the entrance passage, sword in hand. ‘Standstill!’ he squeaks. ‘Standstill, or die!’

Behind Crot are two other Skaven with swords drawn, while three more are sneaking down the underground stream to surround the adventurers. Two move to block the entrance to the second cave, while the third heads down the nearer passage from the stream.

If the adventurers make any hostile moves, the Skaven attack. Otherwise, Crot will parley with the adventurers, trying to find out as much as he can while he waits for his trap to be sprung. ‘Stone, stone!’ he demands. ‘Where, where?’
