=== СТРАНИЦА 5 ===

Local traders are always happy to fleece unwary travellers, and the local Watch are equally happy to throw them in jail for the slightest infraction. Greedy watchmen will then charge an exorbitant fine to let them out and escort them to the town gates with strict orders never to return. Unless a particular town is a specific landmark in the adventure, it’s always much like any other: adventurers aren’t really welcome, but their money is.

Encourage the Players to make plans for the next session of play before the group disperses at the end of a session. This gives you some time to fill in any locations that are not described in these pages.

Try to understand Players’ ambitions for their Characters. For example, if one of the party wishes to train as an Initiate, they hear rumours that initiates are being ordained in a town that just happens to be on the campaign’s intended route. If it is preferable to delay a transition, the adventurers arrive too late: the ordaining priest moved on, or there are too many applicants.

An unpleasant rumour can discourage adventurers from visiting a place that is best left alone for now. Mysterious, deadly diseases, for example, or rampaging mutants and Beastmen are quite useful.

If, despite all these ploys, you are (temporarily) at a loss, random encounters can fill a play session and buy you planning time to get things back on track. If used well, random encounters can also present the illusion that you know everything about every part of the Empire and you are prepared for the adventurers wherever they may go. This impression of your genius is worth cultivating.

When the action moves to a town or city, there is no need to worry about detailed maps or profiles for every inhabitant. The important thing is to describe the general appearance of the town: prosperous or seedy, clean or shabby, busy or sleepy, and so on. Accommodation can be found at an inn; goods and services in keeping with the town’s size and prosperity can be purchased; and most locations can be described in a sentence or two.
