=== СТРАНИЦА 66 ===

As soon as they sense that anything is amiss, the two wizards will form their remaining thugs into a defensive line to protect them as they cast spells. If the fight seems to be going against them, they will make a break for their horses and try to escape, intending to double back to the tower later, and wait for some opportunity to mount a sneak attack on the adventurers.

[B] Surprise!

More cautious adventurers may prefer to hang back and watch from cover, letting the cultists do all the work and take all the risks, only to ambush them on the way out and take whatever they have found. Depending on the party’s skills and how intelligently the Players approach this task, you should make any necessary rolls for the cultists to spot them. Describe muffled sounds from inside the tower at key moments and, if the adventurers manage to stay hidden throughout, give them the advantage of Surprise when they finally attack.

If the Characters did not enter the observatory, the cultists may have managed to collect five of the six magical keys that are needed to gain access to the secret library (page 32), but without the last one (which the adventurers found in the Barren Hills) they have been unable to do so — unless of course, they and their hired thugs used the Dwarfs’ tools to tear up the floor of the central accessway: a task that takes several hours. Failing this, the adventurers will have to take the five keys from the cultists and search the secret library for themselves.

[B] Been and Gone

If the Red Crown expedition has a long head start on the adventurers, they may already have left the signal tower before the adventurers arrive. In this case, the Dwarfs are all dead — along with one or two hired thugs — and large, ragged holes are visible where the cultists broke into the tower and through the floor of the central accessway into the secret library. To complicate matters even further, the authorities may be on the scene and will not take kindly to a passing group of adventurers wanting to begin an independent investigation.

This is perhaps the most challenging of all possible scenarios. The adventurers must track the cultists down, defeat them, and take the clues that they found in the secret library. You have various options to make this task more or less difficult.

Having recovered the clues from the secret library, the cultists will be heading for Wittgendorf, so your task is to set the adventurers on the right trail. A surviving Dwarf, who hid out and waited for the cultists to leave, may inform the adventurers that the cultists headed south from the tower. The adventurers may know about Castle Wittgenstein by this point, and draw the right conclusion on their own. If they do not, they may speculate that the cultists are headed back to Grissenwald and Black Peaks, Etelka’s home, to study whatever they found. In either case, the adventurers will be passing under the shadow of Castle Wittgenstein and you will have plenty of opportunities to sow hints and rumours that will lead them to Wittgendorf.

If there is no convenient witness at the tower to point the party in the right direction, things may become more complicated. In the worst case, the Players may decide that the Red Crown cultists found the meteorite and are taking it to the cult’s senior agents, probably in Altdorf. This will send them in completely the wrong direction, and you will have to find some way of turning them around. Perhaps a dead thug has a slip of paper on his body with a crudely-drawn map of the river showing the rough position of Castle Wittgenstein. Perhaps a cleric or other devout Character receives a prophetic dream, in which they are standing on deck and looking up at Castle Wittgenstein. If desired, you could include some dramatic details like dark clouds and misshapen faces looming over the battlements, but in any case the Character will immediately recognise the castle after having passed it on the way from the tower to Kemperbad.

[B] The Worst Possible Moment

Perhaps the most satisfying option is if the adventurers are in the middle of investigating the tower when the cultists arrive. The cultists spent longer resting and re-equipping in Kemperbad than the timeline allows for, and the adventurers left ahead of them. Now, they have caught up just when the adventurers are preoccupied, and they make the most of their advantage.

Depending on how the cultists act, this could turn into a battle within the tower itself, or an ambush when the characters emerge, bloodied but victorious, with the clues that point them toward Castle Wittgenstein.

[H1] THERE AND BACK AGAIN

After the situation at the signal tower is resolved, the adventurers must go south again, upriver to Castle Wittgenstein. This part of the journey can be uneventful, although you might want to have them come across another mutated body in the river as they approach the castle: see A Grisly Find, page 39.

[B] Back to Kemperbad

If the adventurers stop in Kemperbad for a fourth time, the local chapter of the Purple Hand is running out of patience. This is the fourth time the renegade Magister Impedimentae has passed through the town, and despite every warning, he still refuses to co-operate. It is almost as though he is taunting them. Meanwhile the cult's local leadership in Altdorf is increasingly displeased at the incompetence of its agents in Kemperbad.

The head of the Purple Hand in Kemperbad has decided that the time for subtlety is over. If the adventurers spend more than three hours in Kemperbad, they will be attacked by a powerful group consisting of three cultists — one of them a wizard — and half a dozen hired thugs (or however many are required to give the party a serious challenge). The cultists’ goal is to take the ‘Magister’ prisoner and ship him to Altdorf where he will be interrogated by their leadership. He is to be taken alive at all costs and his companions are to be killed, or at the very least, scared so badly that they never set foot in Kemperbad again.
