=== СТРАНИЦА 6 ===

[H1] THE STORY

This adventure has a complex set of plots that unfold at the same time. Some are new, some began in earlier adventures, some are resolved in this book, and some will cast a shadow over the adventurers’ lives in the months to come.

[H2] The Purple Hand

The Purple Hand is a secret Chaos cult dedicated to the worship of Tzeentch and the overthrow of the Empire. They have agents in positions of power throughout the Empire, and these include high-ranking members of the cults of Sigmar and Ulric. The Purple Hand intend to reawaken the rivalry between the cults of Sigmar and Ulric, and create a religious schism to destabilise the Empire. The first fruits of their activity appear in this adventure, in the form of news from distant Middenland.

The Purple Hand has cells in all major cities, all theoretically controlled by a central leadership. However, given the vast distances between cities in the Empire, each cell normally works independently. Occasionally, though, orders do come down from above. One such order has recently been issued to all cells: Kastor Lieberung, Magister Impedimentae of the cultists in Nuln, has broken off contact with the cult, and he must be found and recovered at all costs.

[H2] The Plot Thickens

The cult leaders know that Lieberung received notification of a large inheritance and set out to visit a law firm in Bögenhafen who are the executors of his new wealth. Two minor cultists were ordered to contact him as he passed through Altdorf, and they were found dead a few days later. By the time this adventure takes place, the cult’s leaders in Middenheim are becoming suspicious. They fear that Lieberung intends to keep the money for himself, rather than handing it over to the cult as ordered.

However, there are a couple of things that the Purple Hand cultists do not know.

There was no inheritance. The law firm does not exist,

and the letter that Lieberung received was part of a complex hoax by a bounty hunter (now also dead) to lure Lieberung into a trap.

Lieberung died before he reached Bögenhafen. He was

killed in a mutant attack on the Middenheim-Altdorf coach. One of the adventurers, who bears an uncanny resemblance to Lieberung, found his body and some crucial documents, then went to Bögenhafen in his place.

The cult’s prime concern is to recover Lieberung and his inheritance. Cult members throughout the Reikland have been ordered to find and capture the Magister Impedimentae. Knowing that Lieberung was headed for Bögenhafen, and was

supposed to return from there with the money, Purple Hand agents are looking for him all along this route. They do not know why they are looking for him, only that they must deliver him to the cult's agents in Altdorf or Middenheim. All are loyal to the cult, and will choose death rather than surrender or capture.

If the Lieberung-double adventurer has been killed, the cult will still be looking for the adventurers in the mistaken belief that they are agents of a rival cult. The cultists will assume the adventurers have somehow done away with Lieberung and stolen the inheritance! Some of the events described below may need to be changed slightly to accommodate this course of events. Where the text calls for cultists to pick on one particular adventurer, you can choose who is targeted by the cultists, or simply roll dice to decide.

[H2] The Trail from Bögenhafen

While they were investigating the Ordo Septenarius in Bögenhafen, the adventurers probably came across a series of letters written to the cult’s chief by one Etelka Herzen, a fellow devotee of the Ruinous Powers. Although they do not find her at home, they find plenty of proof of her crimes, and her journals point them towards another mystery.

[H2] The Red Crown

Through Etelka Herzen, the adventurers become aware of the Red Crown, another Chaos cult that appears to be widespread within the Empire. They learn that it venerates the same foul deity as the Purple Hand: Tzeentch, the Great Mutator. The two cults are, however, bitter enemies with widely differing methods and goals.

[H2] The Meteorite

The main plot of

[B] Death on the Reik

concerns a meteor that fell in a remote part of the Empire more than two centuries ago. The meteorite is a chunk of the Chaos moon, Morrslieb, about the size of a cow’s head. This piece of warpstone was recovered by members of a local noble family, but it has wrought disturbing changes on the family, their castle, and their peasants.
