=== СТРАНИЦА 24 ===

Red Crown cultists play a major role in the next four chapters, although the adventurers will directly interact with them only rarely. However, you will need to keep track of where the cultists are, and in particular how and when they encounter the adventurers.

[H2] The Schemes of the Red Crown

The Red Crown is a Cult of Tzeentch, and bitterly opposed to the Purple Hand: the servants of Chaos are, after all, rarely united. Where the Purple Hand is quietly gathering power and influence in high places, the Red Crown is dedicated to uniting the Old World’s mutants and Beastmen into an army that is poised to attack from within. Among its members are Etelka Herzen and Ernst Heidlemann.

The Red Crown’s agents in Altdorf have recently, and unknowingly, replicated the research of Dagmar von Wittgenstein. They have learned that there might be large chunks of warpstone in the Barren Hills. Ernst Heidlemann, whom the Characters encountered briefly in

[B] Enemy in Shadows

(page 22), has been ordered to visit Grissenwald, near Nuln, and consult Etelka Herzen. She is the cult’s leading expert on warpstone. By coincidence, she supplied a vital scroll to Johannes Teugen in Bögenhafen, and she wrote a letter the adventurers should have found among Teugen’s papers.

[H1] TIMELINE

This timeline starts when the adventurers see Heidlemann set out from Altdorf. The exact date is left blank, for you to fill in to fit your campaign. Subsequent events have been numbered by day, according to the mode of transport used and the distance travelled. You should feel free to alter these times to reflect your party’s actual progress. A detailed schedule is provided to help you keep track of everyone’s progress and position.

[H2] Unforeseen Delays

By the time the adventurers reach Black Peaks, Etelka Herzen must have left for the Barren Hills. From then on, the adventurers should follow her trail until they eventually catch up with her. If the adventurers spend a day or two at the Signal

Tower, the Red Crown cultists will have left Black Peaks by the time the adventurers arrive. If it looks as though the adventurers will reach Black Peaks before the timeline has Herzen and Heidlemann setting out, you can use one or more of these delaying tactics.

The adventurers’ boat is damaged by accident, requiring them to spend one or two days at a riverside inn for repairs. The ‘River Life of the Empire’ section of the

[B] Death on the Reik Companion

includes several suitable events.

A river patrol boat stops the adventurers for an inspection (see A Routine Check, page 19). The patrol captain sees right away that the adventurers are not river traders, and interrogates them about their backgrounds, how they came to possess the boat, where they are going, and why. Each answer from the adventurers leads to several more questions, and by the time the patrol captain is satisfied (or bribed sufficiently) a whole day will have passed.

Ahead of the adventurers, a large trading boat has run aground to partially block the river, and has then been rammed by a second boat. Traffic is backed up in both directions, and it will take at least half a day before the adventurers’ boat can get past the obstruction.

The river passes through a series of ravines, and recent bad weather has caused a landslide. The river is impassable until the blockage is cleared away. The river patrol are working with a gang of labourers and a couple of Dwarf engineers. It will be two days before a channel is clear unless someone helps with magic or gunpowder.

The Red Crown has ordered Herzen and Heidlemann to meet up in Kemperbad rather than Black Peaks. They set out for the Barren Hills on Day 9 rather than Day 17. The events of Days 8–15 are ignored, and the rest of the timeline is moved up by six days.

After the failure of their expedition to the Barren Hills, the cultists spend longer in Kemperbad than the day or two given in the timeline.
