=== СТРАНИЦА 9 ===

Regardless of where they decide to go, the first leg of the adventurers’ journey is down the River Bögen to Weissbruck.

[B] The Glorious Reikland

map inside this books cover gives an overview of the Reikland and surrounding areas. If the Players decide to head in a different direction, the GM can use some of the ploys mentioned in the ‘Running the Adventure’ section (page 4) to discourage them from straying.

The mountains upriver are dangerous. Somewhere between the peaks, and among many other hazards including hostile tribes of Greenskins, lies the dread Castle Drachenfels. Following the Bögen to the Reik and then further downriver eventually leads to Marienburg. The adventurers must pass Weissbruck on the way, which offers you plenty of opportunities to direct them back towards Altdorf and Grissenwald. The highway leads south to Übersreik, which has nothing to offer, and north to Altdorf, a longer and more dangerous journey by road than by river. Other detours lead the adventurers into danger or present no opportunities for them to learn what is going on.

If your Players are determined to go another way, you can let them. They can travel for a while but, sooner or later, they will be recognised by an agent of the Purple Hand. With a little help from you, the unanswered questions about Kastor Lieberung, the Cult, and the events in Bögenhafen will gnaw at them, until they realise they cannot rest until they have found the truth.

[H1] LEAVING BÖGENHAFEN

At the end of

[B] Enemy in Shadows

, the adventurers have several compelling reasons to get out of town.

[H2] The Long Arm of the Law

Gideon, the daemon behind the whole plot in Bögenhafen, has framed the adventurers for the murder of prominent merchant Friedrich Magirius, and probably for arson as well. The Bögenhafen authorities are actively looking for the party. They are likely to hang disreputable adventurers rather than listen to some elaborate tale about the town’s leading citizens being involved in a Chaos cult. After all, no one except Teugen knew about any link to the Ruinous Powers. To most of its members, the Ordo Septenarius was a club for merchants. To the Inner Council, it was using sorcery to make them all rich. Leaving town is by far the healthiest option.

[H2] The Hordes of Chaos

If the ritual in Bögenhafen succeeded and the Chaos portal opened, the town’s authorities have bigger problems than a band of suspected criminals. Equally, the Characters have bigger problems than being wanted. In the face of an unstoppable horde of abominations, their best option is to leave quickly.

[H2] The Letter

The adventurers may have found a letter from Etelka Herzen among Teugen’s papers, giving her address as Black Peaks near Grissenwald. The letter implies that she has been in correspondence with Teugen for some time. She almost certainly knows more about Teugen’s plans than the adventurers were able to learn. Perhaps she will even know how to close the gate and save the Empire.

At any rate, she is the only solid lead, so a trip to Grissenwald may be in order.

[H2] The Purple Hand

Ever since they first arrived in Altdorf, the adventurers have been followed by strange, gesticulating men with purple hand tattoos. These men seem to think that one of the adventurers is named Kastor Lieberung, and they are convinced that ‘Lieberung’ is part of their organisation and owes them something. Even though the authorities in Altdorf want to question the adventurers about the murder of a young nobleman, they may decide to return to Altdorf to track down this mysterious Purple Hand.

[H2] The Bounty Hunter

Also convinced that one of the Characters was Kastor Lieberung, Adolphus Kuftsos the bounty hunter pursued the party from Altdorf to Bögenhafen. Kuftsos is dead, but the adventurers know he was active in Altdorf and Weissbruck, and they have recovered documents pointing to Nuln. If they can pick up his trail and identify his client, they may be able to learn why Kuftsos was after Lieberung. They may also discover his connection to the Purple Hand.

[H2] An Open Invitation

Closer than Altdorf or Nuln is the town of Weissbruck, home of the herbalist Elvyra Kleinestun whom the adventurers met at Bögenhafen’s Schaffenfest. She invited them to visit, and may even offer a training opportunity to any Character interested in becoming an Apothecary or Charlatan. A few quiet days in a small town may be just what the adventurers need as they decide what to do next.

[H2] Heading My Way?

Lastly, the adventurers’ friend Josef Quartjin is taking his barge the Berebeli back to Weissbruck. He has a fresh cargo of local wine if all went well, or a group of terrified refugees if events went badly. At least some of the adventurers signed on as crew when the barge was headed to Bögenhafen, and he offers them a ride back to Weissbruck on the same terms: 2 shillings per day for up to four Characters who sign on as crew. The rest of the party may travel free of charge.
