=== СТРАНИЦА 44 ===

[H1] THE ATTACKS

The next Goblin attack occurs on the night the adventurers arrive in Grissenwald. Next day, the news is all over town. The fourth farm to be attacked was also not too far from Black Peaks, but no one has yet spotted a pattern. The map below shows a typical Grissenwald Farmhouse. The Grissenwald and Surrounds map (page 45) shows the remaining farms.

It is possible that the adventurers might want to help the farmers defend themselves. They are welcome to try such a plan, but they cannot protect all the remaining farms at once. There is no guarantee that the farm they choose to protect will be the next one attacked. The Goblins are clever and will avoid any farms that show signs of strengthened defences. Any group that includes a Dwarf will be unwelcome:

‘He’s just here to see what we’ve got! He’ll report back to his chief and we’ll be next for the chop! Mark my words!’

The Goblins attack every second night, so another attack takes place on the third night after the adventurers arrive in Grissenwald. The target will be the closest farm to Black Peaks that is still standing, and Goblin scouts can spot if a target is too strong to attack.

If you are feeling kind, the Goblins attack a farm where the adventurers are waiting for them. Otherwise, their tracks this time are fresh, and anyone investigating the attack can make a

[B] Challenging (+0) Track

Test to follow them back to Black Peaks.

[H2] Dead of Night

All is quiet until 1 o’clock in the morning, when wolf howls are heard in the distance. Over the next half hour the noise comes closer, until a group of Goblin wolf riders can be seen at the edge of the forest. Some are carrying torches.

In the first wave, eight mounted Goblins will leap the fences and throw their torches on to the thatched roofs of the wooden barn and outbuildings. Once these are alight, six more mounted Goblins and nine on foot attack the farmhouse. Their leader, a striking figure in a red robe, mounted on a large wolf, stays out of the attack, shouting orders, and occasionally waving his arms and chanting.

If more than six Goblins are killed, they break off the attack and flee to Black Peaks. Depending on how you think your party are doing, you can either have the farmers help the adventurers or run around like panicked hens.
